reason I'm in town
cuz Kansas did his show he knows a lot
of people people connected only by the
slightest of events give me your wallet
my being mugged that is how these
affairs begin the cat's ins out good cat
who's good cat he shows people dying he
vanishes early looking for mrs. Eric I
make Fisher who is he kidding I have
unfinished business boss wants to see
you
Kusum Austin guy we work another guy
you're looking for I don't live here
yeah well you look like the guy that
lives here then you know the guy left
[ __ ] looks like what he means to say is
you look like you licked it yeah that's
what I mean to say what happened your
nose it's a very long story I think it's
time you told me that story well there's
this guy and they called the boss I'm
sorry who are you I'm the boss
they picked up the wrong guy wrong guy
for what whatever it is you want to see
me about you know what I want to see you
about No
then how do you know I have the wrong
guy then right across the street lives
this other crime boss they called a
rabbi why I called around back boss he's
a rabbi but I'm not Nick Fisher and who
the hell are you I'm Slevin that's not
Nick Fisher
you set you up you should run can't look
holy if you stay they'll kill me if I
leave time's up
I'm a world-class assassin I'm gonna
kill somebody
nothing I'm a new option
lucky number Slevin